Modify rule S3723: Consider all multiline constructs (#262)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3723/rule.adoc

> Modern browsers ignore unneeded, trailing commas, so there are no negatives to having them unless you're supporting an IE 8 application. Since they make adding new properties simpler, their use is preferred. This rule raises an issue when the last item in a multiline construct (arrays, objects, imports, exports, and functions) does not end with a trailing comma and does not lie on the same line as the closing curly brace or bracket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modern browsers ignore unneeded, trailing commas, so there are no negatives to having them unless you're supporting an IE 8 application. Since they make adding new properties simpler, their use is preferred. This rule raises an issue when the last item in a multiline construct (array or object literal, import or export statement, function declaration or call) does not end with a trailing comma and does not lie on the same line as the closing curly brace, bracket or parenthesis.
```
